<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" epub:prefix="z3998: http://www.daisy.org/z3998/2012/vocab/structure/, se: https://standardebooks.org/vocab/1.0" xml:lang="en-US">
	<head>
		<title>Chapter Sixteen of TINKERBELLE by Robert Manry</title>
		<link href="../css/core.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
		<link href="../css/se.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
	</head>
	<body epub:type="bodymatter">
		<p align="CENTER">
			<font size="5">
				<b>“TINKERBELLE”</b>
			</font>
		</p>
		<p align="left">
			<font size="4">
				<b>Chapter 16</b>
			</font>
		</p>
		<p class="MsoNormal">The fact that Virginia and Robin and Douglas had got to Falmouth ahead of me, were there now, made it hard to wait to see them and hear all about everything that had happened on shore since May 31 <sup>st</sup> , when I had telephoned home from the Falmouth on Cap Cod to bid them and my mother goodbye. <span style="mso-spacerun:yes">
 </span> In some ways it seemed like years since then; in other ways it seemed like hours.</p>
		<p class="MsoNormal">Naturally, I didn’t hear about the things that had befallen members of my family until I got to England and was reunited with them. <span style="mso-spacerun:yes">
 </span> However, this seems to be the appropriate place to tell that part of the story, so I shall do so. <span style="mso-spacerun:yes">
 </span> What follows is quoted from Virginia’s diary, with my comments set off by brackets.</p>
		<p>
</p>
		<p class="MsoNormal">” <i style="mso-bidi-font-style:normal">Tuesday, June 1</i> -Today Robert left. <span style="mso-spacerun:yes">
 </span> He called last night to say goodbye. <span style="mso-spacerun:yes">
 </span> Next time I hear his voice he will be calling me from Falmouth, England to say he made it.</p>
		<p class="MsoNormal">” <i style="mso-bidi-font-style:normal">Wednesday, June 2</i> -We got up at 6:30 because Nana [my mother, Mrs. James C. Manry] had to catch an early bus home. <span style="mso-spacerun:yes">
 </span> It was pouring and the freeway was bumper to bumper. <span style="mso-spacerun:yes">
 </span> Then the bus was a half hour late.</p>
		<p class="MsoNormal">“David <span class="SpellE">Losh</span> [one of Robin’s classmates] brought a harness for Puff [Douglas’s iguana] to wear. <span style="mso-spacerun:yes">
 </span> While he was telling me about it the phone rang. <span style="mso-spacerun:yes">
 </span> It was George <span class="SpellE">Barmann</span> of the <i style="mso-bidi-font-style:normal">Plain Dealer</i> . <span style="mso-spacerun:yes">
 </span> Seems they had received Robert’s letter telling them he was going alone and they wanted to know the details. <span style="mso-spacerun:yes">
 </span> George was so excited he had to call back a couple of times for more facts.</p>
		<p class="MsoNormal">“Ray <span class="SpellE">Matjasic</span> [a P.D. photographer] came and took pictures of us toasting Robert in milk. <span style="mso-spacerun:yes">
 </span> The kids didn’t like all the fuss, but they cooperated. <span style="mso-spacerun:yes">
 </span> On the 7 o’clock news Bud <span class="SpellE">Dancey</span> told about Robert.</p>
		<p class="MsoNormal">” <i style="mso-bidi-font-style:normal">Thursday, June 3</i> -At 7:30 A.m. the <i style="mso-bidi-font-style: normal">Press</i> called and asked to use the story. <span style="mso-spacerun:yes">
 </span> A girl from the <i style="mso-bidi-font-style: normal">News-Herald</i> came to interview me.</p>
		<p class="MsoNormal">“The phone rang and it was Bill <span class="SpellE">Litzkow</span> of the Falmouth marina [from which I had embarked]. <span style="mso-spacerun:yes">
 </span> He sounded concerned and wondered if I had heard from Robert. <span style="mso-spacerun:yes">
 </span> I said no, and he asked if he could tell anyone now. <span style="mso-spacerun:yes">
 </span> Bless his heart.</p>
		<p class="MsoNormal">“A few more minutes and the phone rang again. <span style="mso-spacerun:yes">
 </span> It was John Hough of the Falmouth <i style="mso-bidi-font-style:normal">Enterprise</i> . <span style="mso-spacerun:yes">
 </span> He promised to pass on any word he might come by.</p>
		<p class="MsoNormal">” <i style="mso-bidi-font-style:normal">Monday, June 7</i> -Just a week ago tonight I said bon voyage to my own dear Robert. <span style="mso-spacerun:yes">
 </span> He’s never far away from my thoughts. <span style="mso-spacerun:yes">
 </span> Just sort of counterpoint to everything I say and do.</p>
		<p class="MsoNormal">“Tomorrow is Douglas’s birthday. <span style="mso-spacerun:yes">
 </span> Not much of a celebration without his Dad, but I’ll try to make it a nice one.</p>
		<p class="MsoNormal">“Robin said today: <span style="mso-spacerun:yes">
 </span> ‘People speak about Dad as though he were dead.’ <span style="mso-spacerun:yes">
 </span> Won’t they be surprised when he turns up 75 days from now, tanned, lean and fit.</p>
		<p class="MsoNormal">“The astronauts are back down. <span style="mso-spacerun:yes">
 </span> I wish Robert were across. <span style="mso-spacerun:yes">
 </span> I imagine he has begun to miss his nice bed, lumps and all.</p>
		<p class="MsoNormal">“I can’t seem to accomplish much. <span style="mso-spacerun:yes">
 </span> Lonesome, I guess.</p>
		<p class="MsoNormal">” <i style="mso-bidi-font-style:normal">Friday, June 11</i> - I’ve been working in the back yard all day. <span style="mso-spacerun:yes">
 </span> It’s 9:30 and I’ve just crawled out of the tub and now I’m going to rest.</p>
		<p class="MsoNormal">“I discovered some little rosebushes sprouting around under the trees. <span style="mso-spacerun:yes">
 </span> I’ve weeded around them and I hope they’ll grow. <span style="mso-spacerun:yes">
 </span> I cut the grass and I felt like The Neighbor in Edna St. Vincent <span class="SpellE">Millay’s</span> poem: <span style="mso-spacerun:yes">
 </span> I left ‘the clover standing, And the Queen Anne’s lace!’</p>
		<p class="MsoNormal">“Funny the things I remember about Robert and me. <span style="mso-spacerun:yes">
 </span> While I was mowing around the lovely pink clover I remembered a field near a motel where we had stopped during a vacation trip. We were walking Chris [our German Shepard] and the smell of clover brought the whole scene back so clearly. Made me kind of sad.</p>
		<p class="MsoNormal">“I cleaned his dark room yesterday, too, and that brought him near.</p>
		<p class="MsoNormal">” <i style="mso-bidi-font-style:normal">Sunday, June 13</i> -Mother and John [Virginia’s mother and brother] came today [from their home in Pittsburgh, Pa.]. <span style="mso-spacerun:yes">
 </span> Mother will stay with me for as long as she can take us. <span style="mso-spacerun:yes">
 </span> Poor Chris got a walk finally. <span style="mso-spacerun:yes">
 </span> She pestered John so he took her for a nice long one.</p>
		<p class="MsoNormal">” <i style="mso-bidi-font-style:normal">Sunday, June 20</i> -At about 10:15 P.m. the <i style="mso-bidi-font-style:normal">Plain Dealer</i> called to tell me the Coast Guard received word from a Canadian freighter [the <span class="SpellE"><i style="mso-bidi-font-style:normal">Exilona</i></span> ] that Robert was 500 miles out and needed no assistance. <span style="mso-spacerun:yes">
 </span> It was wonderful to hear he is all right. <span style="mso-spacerun:yes">
 </span> He’s not making much time, 19 days out, but he will eventually, I’m sure. <span style="mso-spacerun:yes">
 </span> Perhaps I’ll even get a letter next time. <span style="mso-spacerun:yes">
 </span> I’m glad Mother and John were here when the word came; they are so anxious. <span style="mso-spacerun:yes">
 </span> Mother is not too fond of boats, but she is being very brave about Robert. <span style="mso-spacerun:yes">
 </span> Of course, she has confidence in him and that means a lot.</p>
		<p class="MsoNormal">” <i style="mso-bidi-font-style:normal">Monday, June 21</i> -Fred [the family cat] seems to like her name even though she is a girl. <span style="mso-spacerun:yes">
 </span> She got out around 11:15 tonight and we had quite a time rounding her up.</p>
		<p class="MsoNormal">” <i style="mso-bidi-font-style:normal">Wednesday, June 23</i> -I couldn’t sleep last night. <span style="mso-spacerun:yes">
 </span> All sorts of visions racing through my head. <span style="mso-spacerun:yes">
 </span> I do wish we had enough in the bank to take us all to England to meet Robert. <span style="mso-spacerun:yes">
 </span> That’s been my dream for years, to visit England and see all I’ve read about.</p>
		<p class="MsoNormal">“Seems Robert had gone 585 miles instead of 500.</p>
		<p class="MsoNormal">” <i style="mso-bidi-font-style:normal">Thursday, June 24</i> -George called to tell me he had been to New York to talk to the captain of the freighter. <span style="mso-spacerun:yes">
 </span> The captain thinks at his present rate of speed, it will take Robert 91 days to reach England.</p>
		<p class="MsoNormal">” <i style="mso-bidi-font-style:normal">Friday, June 25</i> -A quiet day. <span style="mso-spacerun:yes">
 </span> It’s good to have one now and then. Since the excitement began I’ve had trouble sleeping. I know Robert will be all right, but when the captain said 91 days it conjured up all sorts of pictures. If it took Crapo 51 days, Robert should surely make it in less than 91.</p>
		<p class="MsoNormal">“I hope he won’t be too annoyed with all the publicity.</p>
		<p class="MsoNormal">“I’m planning to go to Pittsburgh for the Fourth of July. <span style="mso-spacerun:yes">
 </span> I hate being away from home for so long. <span style="mso-spacerun:yes">
 </span> Chris seems sad to me.</p>
		<p class="MsoNormal">” <i style="mso-bidi-font-style:normal">Thursday, July 1</i> -If Robert were on schedule he’d be pretty close to eating his plum pudding. <span style="mso-spacerun:yes">
 </span> I wish he were halfway there.</p>
		<p class="MsoNormal">“Poor Robert, I feel sorry for him, but then he may be enjoying it. <span style="mso-spacerun:yes">
 </span> [I was, most of the time.]</p>
		<p class="MsoNormal">“Paid all our bills today and we’re all set for another month, at least.</p>
		<p class="MsoNormal">” <i style="mso-bidi-font-style:normal">Sunday, July 4</i> -People are beginning to ask me if we are going to England to meet Robert. <span style="mso-spacerun:yes">
 </span> They’re even talking about having a parade in his honor! <span style="mso-spacerun:yes">
 </span> I can’t imagine him sitting on the back of a car waving. <span style="mso-spacerun:yes">
 </span> When I asked Robin if she would like to go to England to meet him she said that if she went the kids would think she was stuck-up. <span style="mso-spacerun:yes">
 </span> I can’t imagine why.</p>
		<p class="MsoNormal">” <i style="mso-bidi-font-style:normal">Monday, July 5</i> -We’re going to Pittsburgh tomorrow, John is coming for me. <span style="mso-spacerun:yes">
 </span> Douglas is disappointed. <span style="mso-spacerun:yes">
 </span> He wanted to take his vacation on a bus; says now it won’t seem like one. <span style="mso-spacerun:yes">
 </span> Wish I could take him to England. <span style="mso-spacerun:yes">
 </span> Robin says she still wouldn’t want to go to England because of the kids’ attitude.</p>
		<p class="MsoNormal">” <i style="mso-bidi-font-style:normal">Wednesday, July 7</i> -John is trying to figure out a way to get me to Cornwall. <span style="mso-spacerun:yes">
 </span> He keeps giving me guidebooks to read, the rascal. <span style="mso-spacerun:yes">
 </span> One of them, <i style="mso-bidi-font-style:normal">Rambles in Cornwall</i> , calls Falmouth ‘The Happy <span class="SpellE">Harbour</span> .’ <span style="mso-spacerun:yes">
 </span> I surely wish I could be there to meet Robert. <span style="mso-spacerun:yes">
 </span> Maybe if I wish hard enough I can.</p>
		<p class="MsoNormal">” <i style="mso-bidi-font-style:normal">Friday, July 9</i> -We heard from Robert again tonight. <span style="mso-spacerun:yes">
 </span> Jo <span class="SpellE">Talladino</span> [one of our neighbors] called Pittsburgh to tell me someone had called when she was in our house feeding the menagerie. <span style="mso-spacerun:yes">
 </span> She said a Mr. <span class="SpellE">Larick</span> from the <span class="SpellE">Istmian</span> Lines steamship company telephoned to tell me that the <i style="mso-bidi-font-style: normal">Steel Vendor</i> had picked up 10 letters from Robert and that he was about 1,000 miles east of Boston. All was well aboard and he expects to make England about August 15.</p>
		<p class="MsoNormal">“Last night before I went to sleep I looked at the full moon and thought that Robert was watching the same moon. <span style="mso-spacerun:yes">
 </span> I wished on it and said a little prayer that we’d hear from him. <span style="mso-spacerun:yes">
 </span> My prayer was answered.</p>
		<p class="MsoNormal">” <i style="mso-bidi-font-style:normal">Monday, July 12</i> -Today began with a bang. <span style="mso-spacerun:yes">
 </span> Three letters from Robert for me and two for the children. <span style="mso-spacerun:yes">
 </span> Then began a struggle between the newspapers as to who should print them. <span style="mso-spacerun:yes">
 </span> Of course, the <i style="mso-bidi-font-style:normal">Plain Dealer</i> is his paper and they deserved first chance.</p>
		<p class="MsoNormal">“The family scolded me for permitting even the <i style="mso-bidi-font-style:normal">Plain Dealer</i> to use them. <span style="mso-spacerun:yes">
 </span> As they said, ‘Dad won’t like it a bit.’ <span style="mso-spacerun:yes">
 </span> [They were right; I didn’t like it.] <span style="mso-spacerun:yes">
 </span> I hope they don’t use the entire letter, parts of it are personal. <span style="mso-spacerun:yes">
 </span> [They used the whole thing.] <span style="mso-spacerun:yes">
 </span> I should have typed out a passage and made them settle for that.</p>
		<p class="MsoNormal">“Robin was interviewed for the second time. <span style="mso-spacerun:yes">
 </span> She sounded as though she had been doing it all her life.</p>
		<p class="MsoNormal">“Everything is fine with Robert except he is lonesome. <span style="mso-spacerun:yes">
 </span> Says no more solo sails for him. <span style="mso-spacerun:yes">
 </span> Also, he’s losing weight. <span style="mso-spacerun:yes">
 </span> Good.</p>
		<p class="MsoNormal">” <i style="mso-bidi-font-style:normal">Tuesday, July 13</i> -A very exciting thing happened today. <span style="mso-spacerun:yes">
 </span> A Mr. Davis from the London <i style="mso-bidi-font-style:normal">Daily</i> <i style="mso-bidi-font-style: normal">Express</i> called from New York asking for a story about Robert. <span style="mso-spacerun:yes">
 </span> I told him how we envied his seeing England and we would have to be content just to hear about it, and how he had orders to stop at Liverpool to pick up just any old piece of soil that the Beatles might have stepped on once.</p>
		<p class="MsoNormal">“The battery in the car is dead again and the kids had a grand time pushing the car up and down driveways to <span class="SpellE">Perkeys</span> ‘ [neighbors] for a booster to the battery.</p>
		<p class="MsoNormal">“I’m collecting the rocks the neighbors dig up in their yards when they have swimming pools put in. <span style="mso-spacerun:yes">
 </span> I want to make a rock garden. <span style="mso-spacerun:yes">
 </span> Can’t seem to do much else about it, though. <span style="mso-spacerun:yes">
 </span> Lonesome, I guess.</p>
		<p class="MsoNormal">” <i style="mso-bidi-font-style:normal">Wednesday, July 14</i> -Victor Davis of the <i style="mso-bidi-font-style:normal">Daily Express</i> called to tell me his paper carried the story. <span style="mso-spacerun:yes">
 </span> He’s sending me a copy.</p>
		<p class="MsoNormal">“I called the insurance company about extending Robert’s special policies, in case he does take 90 days. <span style="mso-spacerun:yes">
 </span> Also the lawyer about my will.</p>
		<p class="MsoNormal">“I blew myself to <i style="mso-bidi-font-style:normal">Mary <span class="SpellE">Poppins</span></i> tonight. <span style="mso-spacerun:yes">
 </span> I needed to get away from the house and get my mind off things. <span style="mso-spacerun:yes">
 </span> <span class="SpellE"><i style="mso-bidi-font-style: normal">Goldfinger</i></span> <i style="mso-bidi-font-style:normal">
 </i> <span style="mso-spacerun:yes">
 </span> is coming on July 28, at last. <span style="mso-spacerun:yes">
 </span> Now Douglas can stop worrying about missing it. <span style="mso-spacerun:yes">
 </span> He is counting the days.</p>
		<p class="MsoNormal">” <i style="mso-bidi-font-style:normal">Thursday, July 15</i> -The editor of the Falmouth <i style="mso-bidi-font-style:normal">Enterprise</i> tells me Falmouth, Cornwall, is planning a royal reception for Robert.</p>
		<p class="MsoNormal">” <i style="mso-bidi-font-style:normal">Friday, July 16</i> -Today started out badly. <span style="mso-spacerun:yes">
 </span> The washer hose broke and I had a regular geyser of steaming water shooting all over the ceiling and then onto the washing. <span style="mso-spacerun:yes">
 </span> What a mess. <span style="mso-spacerun:yes">
 </span> The place was like a Turkish bath. <span style="mso-spacerun:yes">
 </span> I got a new hose and installed it myself. <span style="mso-spacerun:yes">
 </span> Robert would be so proud of bumbling me.</p>
		<p class="MsoNormal">“About 4:30 Ray <span class="SpellE">Matjasic</span> called to ask if I could hurry down to see a movie of Robert taken by the <i style="mso-bidi-font-style:normal">Steel Vendor</i> ‘s cook. <span style="mso-spacerun:yes">
 </span> Douglas went with me. <span style="mso-spacerun:yes">
 </span> Robert was all in the shadow, but he looked so dear and familiar, waving just as we used to see him doing on Lake Erie.</p>
		<p class="MsoNormal">“Next week Phil Porter [the <span class="SpellE"><i style="mso-bidi-font-style:normal">P.D.</i> ‘s</span> executive editor[ and Russ Kane want to talk to me about a possible trip to Falmouth!</p>
		<p class="MsoNormal">“Julian Wilson, the Associated Press photographer, said: <span style="mso-spacerun:yes">
 </span> ‘He doesn’t belong to just us now, he belongs to the world,’ and he formed a huge circle with his arms. <span style="mso-spacerun:yes">
 </span> Imagine, my husband! <span style="mso-spacerun:yes">
 </span> I’m glad he belongs to me, too.</p>
		<p class="MsoNormal">“John Metcalfe said: <span style="mso-spacerun:yes">
 </span> ‘You have to watch these quiet ones. <span style="mso-spacerun:yes">
 </span> They’re the ones to stir things up,’ or words to that effect.</p>
		<p class="MsoNormal">“It’s hard for us to realize how famous he has become. <span style="mso-spacerun:yes">
 </span> One thing is sure. <span style="mso-spacerun:yes">
 </span> Life can’t ever be the same for Robert. <span style="mso-spacerun:yes">
 </span> With a taste of adventure, he’s bound to want more; and so will we.</p>
		<p class="MsoNormal">” <i style="mso-bidi-font-style:normal">Monday, July 19</i> -Today was hectic. <span style="mso-spacerun:yes">
 </span> I’d rather have them that way, though; I don’t miss Robert so much then.</p>
		<p class="MsoNormal">“This morning I took Chris to the veterinarian’s for a blood sample. <span style="mso-spacerun:yes">
 </span> Just as they thought, she has a serious infection and must have her uterus removed.</p>
		<p class="MsoNormal">“Doug and I went to town for some school clothes for him, and some to wear to England. <span style="mso-spacerun:yes">
 </span> We’re going there, it seems.</p>
		<p class="MsoNormal">“This evening we got the television picture tube fixed: <span style="mso-spacerun:yes">
 </span> $33. <span style="mso-spacerun:yes">
 </span> Tomorrow I have to have my tooth fixed. <span style="mso-spacerun:yes">
 </span> More money. <span style="mso-spacerun:yes">
 </span> Chris’s operation will be at least $50, plus the <span class="SpellE">additionals</span> . <span style="mso-spacerun:yes">
 </span> The bank account sure is disappearing fast.</p>
		<p class="MsoNormal">“Tonight Mother called to tell me she has my birth certificate (needed to get a passport). <span style="mso-spacerun:yes">
 </span> I also splurged and bought two pairs of shoes, on sale, and a handbag and hose for my visit to the <i style="mso-bidi-font-style:normal">P.D.</i> tomorrow.</p>
		<p class="MsoNormal">” <i style="mso-bidi-font-style:normal">Tuesday, July 20</i> -Hectic is no word for today. <span style="mso-spacerun:yes">
 </span> Fantabulous about fills it. <span style="mso-spacerun:yes">
 </span> I got in early at the <i style="mso-bidi-font-style:normal">P.D.</i> , had a cup of tea and a cookie, talked to Mary <span class="SpellE">Hirschfeld</span> , who writes the ‘Mary Hears’ column, and then met Russ Kane, Phil Porter and Russ Reeves, day managing editor.</p>
		<p class="MsoNormal">‘Well, Robert is to receive his pay for the entire six weeks he’s been gone, praise be! <span style="mso-spacerun:yes">
 </span> They are talking about paying our way over, the whole family, and Russ Kane is even talking about returning <i style="mso-bidi-font-style:normal">Tinkerbelle</i> by air freight.</p>
		<p class="MsoNormal">” <i style="mso-bidi-font-style:normal">Wednesday, July 21</i> -I finally got a little cleaning done. <span style="mso-spacerun:yes">
 </span> John is going to Miami for a few days and mother will come here while he’s gone.</p>
		<p class="MsoNormal">“I can’t find Robin’s birth certificate. <span style="mso-spacerun:yes">
 </span> I know we have one, but I can’t find it. <span style="mso-spacerun:yes">
 </span> I sent for both hers and mine.</p>
		<p class="MsoNormal">“We finally got to see <span class="SpellE"><i style="mso-bidi-font-style:normal">Goldfinger</i></span> . <span style="mso-spacerun:yes">
 </span> At a drive-in. <span style="mso-spacerun:yes">
 </span> James Bond is quite a fellow. <span style="mso-spacerun:yes">
 </span> Doug was in ecstasy!</p>
		<p class="MsoNormal">“Wonder what Robert is doing now. <span style="mso-spacerun:yes">
 </span> Sleeping, I guess. <span style="mso-spacerun:yes">
 </span> Must not think past the present. <span style="mso-spacerun:yes">
 </span> It’s too thrilling.</p>
		<p class="MsoNormal">” <i style="mso-bidi-font-style:normal">Thursday, July 22</i> -More phone calls. <span style="mso-spacerun:yes">
 </span> Phil Porter called to tell me a check for six weeks pay will be here soon, with another one each week until Robert comes home. <span style="mso-spacerun:yes">
 </span> We surely can use it.</p>
		<p class="MsoNormal">” <i style="mso-bidi-font-style:normal">Friday, July 23</i> -Big day today. <span style="mso-spacerun:yes">
 </span> At about 8:15 A.m. Chris had her operation. <span style="mso-spacerun:yes">
 </span> Dr. [James F.] Robertson performed it. <span style="mso-spacerun:yes">
 </span> He saved her life once before, too.</p>
		<p class="MsoNormal">“It’s 90 degrees. <span style="mso-spacerun:yes">
 </span> I went with Douglas for a dip in <span class="SpellE">Perkeys</span> ‘ pool.</p>
		<p class="MsoNormal">“Chris came through her operation all right. <span style="mso-spacerun:yes">
 </span> I’m exhausted. <span style="mso-spacerun:yes">
 </span> Hope I can sleep.</p>
		<p class="MsoNormal">” <i style="mso-bidi-font-style:normal">Saturday, July 24</i> -I brought Chris home today. <span style="mso-spacerun:yes">
 </span> The doctor said she came through very well. <span style="mso-spacerun:yes">
 </span> It was 99 degrees today, not a breath of air stirring. <span style="mso-spacerun:yes">
 </span> I wish I could be out on the sea with Robert. <span style="mso-spacerun:yes">
 </span> I’ll bet it isn’t this hot there. <span style="mso-spacerun:yes">
 </span> A letter from Sheila <span class="SpellE">Beveridge</span> in Newcastle, England, says they think Robert will make it the third week in August. <span style="mso-spacerun:yes">
 </span> They do a lot of sailing, so they may be right.</p>
		<p class="MsoNormal" style="text-align:justify">” <i style="mso-bidi-font-style: normal">Monday, July 26</i> -I couldn’t sleep and finally took a pill.</p>
		<p class="MsoNormal" style="text-align:justify">“I’m sort of boiling under a tight lid most of the time. <span style="mso-spacerun:yes">
 </span> When things get too bad I sit down at the piano and play some hymns and any other simple music I can figure out.</p>
		<p class="MsoNormal" style="text-align:justify">“I have to shop for Robin’s birthday present tomorrow.</p>
		<p class="MsoNormal" style="text-align:justify">” <i style="mso-bidi-font-style: normal">Thursday, July 29</i> -We heard from Robert again today. <span style="mso-spacerun:yes">
 </span> A West German ship [the <span class="SpellE">Bischofstor</span> ] sighted his red sail and reported to Lloyd’s of London. <span style="mso-spacerun:yes">
 </span> He was 1,000 miles from Land’s End.</p>
		<p class="MsoNormal" style="text-align:justify">“I got our passports today. <span style="mso-spacerun:yes">
 </span> Lucky Mother was along because my birth certificate wasn’t right. <span style="mso-spacerun:yes">
 </span> It hadn’t been recorded until I was 25. <span style="mso-spacerun:yes">
 </span> Mother had to sign a statement and swear I was born.</p>
		<p class="MsoNormal" style="text-align:justify">” <i style="mso-bidi-font-style: normal">Friday, July 30</i> -Mother and I took Chris to have her stitches removed. <span style="mso-spacerun:yes">
 </span> She had taken all but one out herself.</p>
		<p class="MsoNormal" style="text-align:justify">” <i style="mso-bidi-font-style: normal">Saturday, July 31</i> -The AP in Rotterdam is going to talk to the captain of the West German ship to see whether he was able to talk to Robert.</p>
		<p class="MsoNormal" style="text-align:justify">“Phyllis Verity wrote saying her husband has called off his voyage to Ireland in his 12-foot boat. <span style="mso-spacerun:yes">
 </span> The weather is too bad. <span style="mso-spacerun:yes">
 </span> He’s had a terrible time.</p>
		<p class="MsoNormal" style="text-align:justify">” <i style="mso-bidi-font-style: normal">Sunday, August 1</i> -I dreamed Robert came home last night. He needed more film. <span style="mso-spacerun:yes">
 </span> Came in on a train. <span style="mso-spacerun:yes">
 </span> He looked nice and brown and had lost some weight. <span style="mso-spacerun:yes">
 </span> I don’t remember whether he had a mustache. <span style="mso-spacerun:yes">
 </span> He told me he was 641 miles from England. <span style="mso-spacerun:yes">
 </span> [That was pretty close. <span style="mso-spacerun:yes">
 </span> I was actually about 650 miles from England.] <span style="mso-spacerun:yes">
 </span> We talked awhile and then he said he had to get back to <i style="mso-bidi-font-style:normal">Tinkerbelle</i> and finish sailing to England.</p>
		<p class="MsoNormal" style="text-align:justify">“When I read this morning’s paper, I saw that the Coast Guard in Boston says he was probably 635 miles from England when he met the German ship. <span style="mso-spacerun:yes">
 </span> Maybe Robert and I are still in tune with 2,500 miles of water between us. <span style="mso-spacerun:yes">
 </span> Or ESP, maybe???</p>
		<p class="MsoNormal" style="text-align:justify">” <i style="mso-bidi-font-style: normal">Monday, August 2</i> -Boy, has this been a day! <span style="mso-spacerun:yes">
 </span> Falmouth, England cabled that they sighted a boat with two men in it and they think it is Robert’s. <span style="mso-spacerun:yes">
 </span> I said it couldn’t be, unless he had picked up a hitchhiker, but everyone is all shook up. <span style="mso-spacerun:yes">
 </span> That boat is blue, too, ours is red. <span style="mso-spacerun:yes">
 </span> Oh, well.</p>
		<p class="MsoNormal" style="text-align:justify">“The RAF will be going out to look for him at dawn and George [ <span class="SpellE">Barmann</span> ] will call London at noon to hear the results. <span style="mso-spacerun:yes">
 </span> I can’t imagine he has picked up so many miles in such a little while.</p>
		<p class="MsoNormal" style="text-align:justify">“Russ Kane is off on vacation in North Carolina and they can’t find him. <span style="mso-spacerun:yes">
 </span> He didn’t expect to be leaving for a couple of weeks.</p>
		<p class="MsoNormal" style="text-align:justify">“My passport hasn’t come yet and the wires have been burning between here and Washington. <span style="mso-spacerun:yes">
 </span> The phone rang almost constantly from 4 until 8 today. <span style="mso-spacerun:yes">
 </span> Washing, dry cleaning, shopping, house cleaning, all in one big jumble because of Robert’s arriving early-if he is!</p>
		<p class="MsoNormal" style="text-align:justify">” <i style="mso-bidi-font-style: normal">Tuesday, August 3</i> -Holy cow, what a day! <span style="mso-spacerun:yes">
 </span> First it looked as though we might not go until Thursday and Mother and John went home. <span style="mso-spacerun:yes">
 </span> Then I sort of went to pieces for the first time. <span style="mso-spacerun:yes">
 </span> Just nerves. <span style="mso-spacerun:yes">
 </span> One minute we’re going, then we aren’t, and still no passport.</p>
		<p class="MsoNormal" style="text-align:justify">“About 4 P.m. Ted <span class="SpellE">Princiotto</span> [the <i style="mso-bidi-font-style:normal">Plain Dealer</i> ‘s city editor] called to tell me to begin packing. <span style="mso-spacerun:yes">
 </span> We’re leaving at 6:30 A.m. tomorrow. <span style="mso-spacerun:yes">
 </span> They say Robert is practically there.</p>
		<p class="MsoNormal" style="text-align:justify">“My ear has a callus from talking on the phone so much. <span style="mso-spacerun:yes">
 </span> I called Beverly <span class="SpellE">Banci</span> [one of Virginia’s very good friends] to come over because I was in such a state. <span style="mso-spacerun:yes">
 </span> She took charge and soon things began to even out a little.</p>
		<p class="MsoNormal" style="text-align:justify">“During all of this the assistant superintendent of the Willowick post office, Mr. [Charles] <span class="SpellE">Rittenhouse</span> , appeared at the door holding my passport. <span style="mso-spacerun:yes">
 </span> He had had every available person looking for it. <span style="mso-spacerun:yes">
 </span> I was talking to Ted <span class="SpellE">Princiotto</span> for the <span class="SpellE">umpty-leventh</span> time when it came, and I gladly put Mr. <span class="SpellE">Rittenhouse</span> on the line.</p>
		<p class="MsoNormal" style="text-align:justify">“In the midst of this chaos the dumb iron stopped working, and me with scores of things to iron. <span style="mso-spacerun:yes">
 </span> Lee <span class="SpellE">Orpse</span> [another neighbor] brought her iron over and while she was here told me that Frank is hard at it planning a reception to greet Robert on his return!</p>
		<p class="MsoNormal" style="text-align:justify">“Jean [ <span class="SpellE">Perkey</span> ] and Will [Hughes], friends of Robin’s, were here to help Robin pack. <span style="mso-spacerun:yes">
 </span> They will take care of Chris and Fred. <span style="mso-spacerun:yes">
 </span> David <span class="SpellE">Losh</span> came for Puff yesterday.</p>
		<p class="MsoNormal" style="text-align:justify">“Russ [Kane] has been located and will join our little band in Washington. <span style="mso-spacerun:yes">
 </span> Surely broke up his family’s vacation. <span style="mso-spacerun:yes">
 </span> I’ll be so glad to see Robert.</p>
		<p class="MsoNormal" style="text-align:justify">“Poor Chris. <span style="mso-spacerun:yes">
 </span> She knows something is up and we can’t explain that soon her beloved Daddy will be back. <span style="mso-spacerun:yes">
 </span> I do wish we could communicate better with animals.</p>
		<p class="MsoNormal" style="text-align:justify">“I really must stop, but to paraphrase Eliza Doolittle, ‘I could just write all night,’ and I very nearly have. <span style="mso-spacerun:yes">
 </span> Its’ 2 o’clock, and I have to be up and going in three hours. <span style="mso-spacerun:yes">
 </span> Such fun. <span style="mso-spacerun:yes">
 </span> I do wish Robert were here, but he soon will be. <span style="mso-spacerun:yes">
 </span> I miss him so at times like this. <span style="mso-spacerun:yes">
 </span> He is so levelheaded and plans seem to go more smoothly for him. <span style="mso-spacerun:yes">
 </span> I’ve never had to plan even a vacation without him and here I am trying to organize our departure for England. <span style="mso-spacerun:yes">
 </span> At least the <i style="mso-bidi-font-style: normal">Plain Dealer</i> is handling all the important decisions and thinking.</p>
		<p class="MsoNormal" style="text-align:justify">” <i style="mso-bidi-font-style: normal">Wednesday, August 4</i> -I haven’t written a line in here until today. <span style="mso-spacerun:yes">
 </span> Everything has moved so fast I haven’t begun to catch my breath.</p>
		<p class="MsoNormal" style="text-align:justify">“We left Cleveland at 8:55 A.m. Mike Roberts, a reporter from the <i style="mso-bidi-font-style:normal">Plain Dealer</i> , came for us and drove us to the airport. <span style="mso-spacerun:yes">
 </span> Jean and Willie came to see us off at the house, and to clean up the mess we left.</p>
		<p class="MsoNormal" style="text-align:justify">“We flew to Washington and, since we were to be there a few hours, we got a room at the Willard. <span style="mso-spacerun:yes">
 </span> It was huge, almost as big as our whole house.</p>
		<p class="MsoNormal" style="text-align:justify">“We drove to Baltimore by taxi and then to Philadelphia where we left for London. <span style="mso-spacerun:yes">
 </span> I don’t know why the change in plans, unless it was for secrecy. <span style="mso-spacerun:yes">
 </span> I’m being guarded like I was an atomic secret.</p>
		<p class="MsoNormal" style="text-align:justify">“It’s a strange feeling to leave at dusk and see the sun set and a bit later see the sun rise from the same side. <span style="mso-spacerun:yes">
 </span> They say it’s because of the earth’s curvature.</p>
		<p class="MsoNormal" style="text-align:justify">“Russ was still wearing his fishing clothes, those being all he had. <span style="mso-spacerun:yes">
 </span> He had a plaid shirt, tan levis and suède sheepskin-lined hushpuppies. <span style="mso-spacerun:yes">
 </span> Hardly the outfit in which to arrive in London, but he had no other and no time to buy any.</p>
		<p class="MsoNormal" style="text-align:justify">“He and Bill Ashbolt spent almost the whole trip trying to fix a secondhand movie camera they had bought in Washington, and whose footage indicator wouldn’t work. <span style="mso-spacerun:yes">
 </span> They never knew how much film there was left. <span style="mso-spacerun:yes">
 </span> Bill took some pix of us in the plane.</p>
		<p class="MsoNormal" style="text-align:justify">” <i style="mso-bidi-font-style: normal">Thursday, August 5</i> -Our first day, the only one, really, in London, was a dilly. <span style="mso-spacerun:yes">
 </span> The minute we stepped off the plane, on which we had slept not a wink, there were about six photographers all snapping away. <span style="mso-spacerun:yes">
 </span> Interviews by reporters with those heavenly British accents, and then a drive to the Whitehall Hotel on Bloomsbury Square. Bloomsbury Square sounds so storybookish.</p>
		<p class="MsoNormal" style="text-align:justify">“Eric Piper, a <i style="mso-bidi-font-style:normal">Daily Mirror</i> photographer, told Robin all about her beloved Beatles. <span style="mso-spacerun:yes">
 </span> He had even taken pictures of them!</p>
		<p class="MsoNormal" style="text-align:justify">“London is busy and exciting. <span style="mso-spacerun:yes">
 </span> I’d love to see it when we have all the time in the world. <span style="mso-spacerun:yes">
 </span> Everything we saw was through the windows of a taxi or the bus on the way from the airport.</p>
		<p class="MsoNormal" style="text-align:justify">” <i style="mso-bidi-font-style: normal">Friday, August 6</i> -We were supposed to meet Russ and Bill in the lobby at 8 A.m., eat and leave from Paddington Station for Falmouth.</p>
		<p class="MsoNormal" style="text-align:justify">“I slept as one drugged and when Russ knocked on the door I awoke as though I’d been raised from the dead. <span style="mso-spacerun:yes">
 </span> We tore around washing, dressing, packing. <span style="mso-spacerun:yes">
 </span> Then we found that with the new clothes we had bought on Oxford Street there wasn’t enough room in our suitcase. <span style="mso-spacerun:yes">
 </span> Russ waved his magic wand and there were cardboard cartons for us.</p>
		<p class="MsoNormal" style="text-align:justify">“Russ and Bill bought us a huge bag of fruits and candy bars to eat on the train because it was a five-hour ride. <span style="mso-spacerun:yes">
 </span> After some confusion arising from uncertainty as to which track our train was on, we got in the compartment and slid through Paddington on our way to the Cornish Riviera, pulled by an engine called the Western Trooper.</p>
		<p class="MsoNormal" style="text-align:justify">“We felt as though we were playing parts in an English movie. <span style="mso-spacerun:yes">
 </span> As Robin said, we hardly dared to speak for fear of breaking the spell.</p>
		<p class="MsoNormal" style="text-align:justify">“When the train pulled into Truro, George [ <span class="SpellE">Barmann</span> , who had flown to England earlier] appeared. <span style="mso-spacerun:yes">
 </span> Seems he and Vic Roberts, a transplanted Londoner, had come from Falmouth to take us the rest of the way by car.</p>
		<p class="MsoNormal" style="text-align:justify">“I’ll always remember our first glimpse of the Greenbank Hotel in Falmouth. <span style="mso-spacerun:yes">
 </span> We came into a conservatory-like entryway leading off a lovely flower garden in front of the hotel. <span style="mso-spacerun:yes">
 </span> From it we could look straight through the lobby onto a blue, blue harbor with sailboats anchored peacefully and sea gulls wheeling about, the sun streaming into the glassed-in lounge.</p>
		<p class="MsoNormal" style="text-align:justify">“The manager, Avon <span class="SpellE">Tregenna</span> , has arranged for Robert and me to have a lovely room at the top of the hotel overlooking the harbor. <span style="mso-spacerun:yes">
 </span> He said it is so quiet Robert will be able to get a good rest.</p>
		<p class="MsoNormal" style="text-align:justify">“Tom Reedy, the AP man from London, an American from Pennsylvania, by the way, told me over our tea: <span style="mso-spacerun:yes">
 </span> ‘This will be another Dunkirk.’</p>
		<p class="MsoNormal" style="text-align:justify">” <i style="mso-bidi-font-style: normal">Saturday, August 7</i> -Frank Goldsworthy of the <i style="mso-bidi-font-style: normal">Daily Express</i> , London, has converted his hotel quarters into a chart room. <span style="mso-spacerun:yes">
 </span> We call him admiral and keep track of Robert on his charts.</p>
		<p class="MsoNormal" style="text-align:justify">“CBS television news and United Press called. <span style="mso-spacerun:yes">
 </span> The reporters say this is nothing to what it will be when Robert gets here. <span style="mso-spacerun:yes">
 </span> I do wish he’d come soon. <span style="mso-spacerun:yes">
 </span> It’s so hard to wait now that we are actually here and it’ll be more fun to explore Cornwall with him.</p>
		<p class="MsoNormal" style="text-align:justify">” <i style="mso-bidi-font-style: normal">Sunday, August 8</i> -A Belgian ship [the <span class="SpellE"><i style="mso-bidi-font-style:normal">Belgulf</i></span> <i style="mso-bidi-font-style: normal">Glory</i> ] saw him today. <span style="mso-spacerun:yes">
 </span> The best guess now is a week from today, just as he had said, on August 15.</p>
		<p class="MsoNormal" style="text-align:justify">“I guess his beard isn’t too long. <span style="mso-spacerun:yes">
 </span> There seems to be some dispute about it. <span style="mso-spacerun:yes">
 </span> Some captains say he has one and others don’t mention it. <span style="mso-spacerun:yes">
 </span> Just so he has a mustache.</p>
		<p class="MsoNormal" style="text-align:justify">“The crowd seems to be gathering; the dining room is more crowded. <span style="mso-spacerun:yes">
 </span> After dinner we took a taxi and visited Pendennis Castle where Bill [Ashbolt] took some pix of us hanging onto the battlements. <span style="mso-spacerun:yes">
 </span> Shades of King Arthur!</p>
		<p class="MsoNormal" style="text-align:justify">” <i style="mso-bidi-font-style: normal">Monday, August 9</i> -Things are moving right along. <span style="mso-spacerun:yes">
 </span> Today some sailors [and Bill Jorgensen and Walter Glendenning] from Penzance saw Robert. <span style="mso-spacerun:yes">
 </span> Soon he will be meeting ships every day. <span style="mso-spacerun:yes">
 </span> Russ had Bill and Eddie Worth [an AP photographer] drop a letter from me to Robert today. <span style="mso-spacerun:yes">
 </span> [Actually, it was dropped by the R.A.F.]</p>
		<p class="MsoNormal" style="text-align:justify">“A man from the BBC named Robert Forbes came over from Plymouth to interview me. <span style="mso-spacerun:yes">
 </span> He also drove Robin and me [Douglas was shopping in town] over to Plymouth to be on TV.”</p>
		<p>
</p>
	</body>
</html>
