<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" epub:prefix="z3998: http://www.daisy.org/z3998/2012/vocab/structure/, se: https://standardebooks.org/vocab/1.0" xml:lang="en-US">
	<head>
		<title>Glossary in TINKERBELLE by Robert Manry</title>
		<link href="../css/core.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
		<link href="../css/se.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
	</head>
	<body epub:type="bodymatter">
		<p align="center">
			<font size="4">
				<b>Glossary</b>
			</font>
		</p>
		<p class="MsoNormal">ABAFT-Astern of; behind; at the rear of; toward the stern.</p>
		<p class="MsoNormal">ABEAM-At right angles to the keel.</p>
		<p class="MsoNormal">ADRIFT-Loose from moorings.</p>
		<p class="MsoNormal">AFT-Toward or near the stern.</p>
		<p class="MsoNormal">ASTERN-To the rear or behind.</p>
		<p class="MsoNormal">BACK-To back a sail is to pull it to the windward side of the vessel. <span style="mso-spacerun:yes">
 </span> The wind is said <span style="mso-spacerun:yes">
 </span> to back when its direction shifts in a counterclockwise direction; it is the opposite of veer.</p>
		<p class="MsoNormal">BACKWIND-When the wind hits the ordinarily leeward side of a sail.</p>
		<p class="MsoNormal">BATTEN DOWN-To secure or to make watertight.</p>
		<p class="MsoNormal">BEAM-The point of a vessel’s greatest breadth.</p>
		<p class="MsoNormal">BEAM ENDS-A boat is said to be on its beam ends when it is knocked over onto its side.</p>
		<p class="MsoNormal">BEAT-To sail to windward; tack.</p>
		<p class="MsoNormal">BEND-To bend on sails is to attach them to the vessel, before hoisting, so they are ready for use.</p>
		<p class="MsoNormal">BILGE-The inside of a vessel near the keel where water may collect.</p>
		<p class="MsoNormal">BLOCK-A pulley; a frame enclosing one or more sheaves or rollers over which lines are run.</p>
		<p class="MsoNormal">BOOM-A spar at the foot of a fore-and-aft sail.</p>
		<p class="MsoNormal">BOOM CRUTCH (OR CRADLE OR CROTCH)-A prop that lifts the boom off the deck and holds it secure when it is not in use.</p>
		<p class="MsoNormal">BOW-Forward part of a boat.</p>
		<p class="MsoNormal">BROACH-A vessel broaches when it swings broadside to the wind and waves when running free.</p>
		<p class="MsoNormal">BULKHEAD-A partition or wall below decks.</p>
		<p class="MsoNormal">BUOY-A floating object anchored to show position.</p>
		<p class="MsoNormal">CENTERBOARD-A pivoted board-like device that can be lowered to provide lateral resistance to the water in shoal draft vessels.</p>
		<p class="MsoNormal">CLEW-Aftermost corner of a sail.</p>
		<p class="MsoNormal">COAMING-Raised protection around a cockpit.</p>
		<p class="MsoNormal">COCKPIT-Space within the <span class="SpellE">coaming</span> where the helmsman sits. <span style="mso-spacerun:yes">
 </span> A self-bailing cockpit has drains to allow water to run out of it.</p>
		<p class="MsoNormal">COME ABOUT-To bring the boat from one tack to the other when sailing into the wind.</p>
		<p class="MsoNormal">DAGGERBOARD-KEEL-Heavy, board-like surface used to provide lateral resistance to the water, raised and lowered vertically.</p>
		<p class="MsoNormal">DEAD RECKONING-Determining a vessel’s position by the course sailed and the distance covered.</p>
		<p class="MsoNormal">DINGHY-A small rowboat that sometimes is rigged with a sail. <span style="mso-spacerun:yes">
 </span> Also called tender or dink.</p>
		<p class="MsoNormal">DOUSE-To take in or lower a sail.</p>
		<p class="MsoNormal">DRIFT-The leeway of a boat.</p>
		<p class="MsoNormal">DROGUE-A canvas bucket or conical-shaped device used to provide resistance in the water and slow a vessel or keep its bow pointed into the wind and waves.</p>
		<p class="MsoNormal">DYE MARKER-Capsule of dye used to color a patch of water to help searchers find a boat or person.</p>
		<p class="MsoNormal">EASE-To let out the sheet so as to relieve the pressure on the sail and possibly spill some wind.</p>
		<p class="MsoNormal">ENSIGN-A national flag flow on a boat.</p>
		<p class="MsoNormal">FEND-To push off.</p>
		<p class="MsoNormal">FOOT WELL-Central area of cockpit designed to accommodate helmsman’s feet.</p>
		<p class="MsoNormal">FORE-In or toward the bow of a boat.</p>
		<p class="MsoNormal">FORE-AND-AFT-Parallel to the keel.</p>
		<p class="MsoNormal">FORESTAY-Wire used to support mast, leading to the bow.</p>
		<p class="MsoNormal">FREEBOARD-The distance from the top of the hull to the water.</p>
		<p class="MsoNormal">GAM-Visiting or conversation carried on between persons from separate ships at sea.</p>
		<p class="MsoNormal">GENOA-Large, overlapping jib. <span style="mso-spacerun:yes">
 </span> Also called a <span class="SpellE">genny</span> .</p>
		<p class="MsoNormal">GHOST-To make headway when there is no apparent wind.</p>
		<p class="MsoNormal">GRAB RAIL-Railing, usually on cabin top, used as handhold.</p>
		<p class="MsoNormal">GREENWICH MEAN TIME-Time as measured at the meridian of Greenwich, England.</p>
		<p class="MsoNormal">GUDGEON-An eye fitting into which the rudder’s <span class="SpellE">pintles</span> are inserted.</p>
		<p class="MsoNormal">GUNKHOLING-Shallow-water sailing and anchoring in out-of-the-way places.</p>
		<p class="MsoNormal">HALYARD-A line used to hoist a sail. <span style="mso-spacerun:yes">
 </span> Also spelled <span class="SpellE">halliard</span> .</p>
		<p class="MsoNormal">HATCH-An opening in a deck with a cover.</p>
		<p class="MsoNormal">HEAD-The upper corner of a sail. <span style="mso-spacerun:yes">
 </span> Also, a boat’s toilet.</p>
		<p class="MsoNormal">HEAVE TO-To stop a vessel’s progress by putting out a sea anchor or drogue, or hauling a headsail to windward.</p>
		<p class="MsoNormal">HEAVING LINE-Line with a weighted end to facilitate throwing it ashore or to another vessel.</p>
		<p class="MsoNormal">HEEL-The tilt, tip, listing or laying-over of a boat, usually due to the force of the wind.</p>
		<p class="MsoNormal">HELM-The tiller by which the rudder is controlled.</p>
		<p class="MsoNormal">HULL-The main body of a boat.</p>
		<p class="MsoNormal">IN IRONS-A boat in the wind’s eye which, having lost all headway, will not go off on either tack.</p>
		<p class="MsoNormal">JIB-A triangular sail set forward of the mast.</p>
		<p class="MsoNormal">JIBE-When running, to bring the wind on the other quarter so that the boom swings over. <span style="mso-spacerun:yes">
 </span> Also spelled <span class="SpellE">gybe</span> .</p>
		<p class="MsoNormal">JIB SHEET-The line leading from the lower aft end of the jib to the cockpit and by which the set of the jib is controlled.</p>
		<p class="MsoNormal">JIGGER-Another name for the mizzen or aft sail on a ketch or yawl. <span style="mso-spacerun:yes">
 </span> Such a sail was improvised on <i style="mso-bidi-font-style:normal">Tinkerbelle</i> to help her ride better to a sea anchor.</p>
		<p class="MsoNormal">KEEL-The backbone of a boat running fore-and-aft.</p>
		<p class="MsoNormal">KNOT-Measure of distance; <span style="mso-spacerun:yes">
 </span> one nautical mile, 6,080 feet. <span style="mso-spacerun:yes">
 </span> Measure of speed: <span style="mso-spacerun:yes">
 </span> one nautical mile per hour.</p>
		<p class="MsoNormal">LAPSTRAKE-Overlapping plank of a boat.</p>
		<p class="MsoNormal">LAZARETTE-A stowage compartment in the stern.</p>
		<p class="MsoNormal">LEE SHORE-A shore on the side of the boat away from the wind.</p>
		<p class="MsoNormal">LEE SIDE-The side of the boat away from the wind.</p>
		<p class="MsoNormal">LEEWARD-In the direction away from the wind.</p>
		<p class="MsoNormal">LIFELINE-Line by which person is attached to boat.</p>
		<p class="MsoNormal">LINE-Nautical term for rope used for riggings, anchoring, tying up, etc.</p>
		<p class="MsoNormal">MAINSAIL OR MAINS’L-The large sail set abaft the mast.</p>
		<p class="MsoNormal">MAINSHEET-The line that controls the mainsail.</p>
		<p class="MsoNormal">MASTHEAD-Top of the mast.</p>
		<p class="MsoNormal">MOOR-To secure a vessel to an object such as a dock or buoy.</p>
		<p class="MsoNormal">PINTLE-Metal braces or hooks upon which the rudder of a boat swings.</p>
		<p class="MsoNormal">POINT-To sail as close as possible to the wind.</p>
		<p class="MsoNormal">PORT-Left side of a boat, facing toward the bow.</p>
		<p class="MsoNormal">PORT TACK-Boat sailing with the wind coming over the portside.</p>
		<p class="MsoNormal">QUARTER-The after part of a boat’s side; that part of a craft which is within forty-five degrees from the stern, known as the port quarter or starboard quarter.</p>
		<p class="MsoNormal">RADAR REFLECTOR-Metallic contrivance which reflects radar beams.</p>
		<p class="MsoNormal">REACH-Points of sailing between running and pointing close-hauled. <span style="mso-spacerun:yes">
 </span> Close reach, sailing nearly close-hauled. <span style="mso-spacerun:yes">
 </span> Beam reach, sailing with the wind abeam. <span style="mso-spacerun:yes">
 </span> Broad reach, sailing with the wind abaft the beam.</p>
		<p class="MsoNormal">REEF-To reduce sail area by partly lowering sail and securing the surplus material to the boom.</p>
		<p class="MsoNormal">RUBBING STRAKE-Outer plank of hull designed to protect hull from docks.</p>
		<p class="MsoNormal">RUB RAIL-Same as rubbing strake.</p>
		<p class="MsoNormal">RUNNING-Sailing before the wind.</p>
		<p class="MsoNormal">RUNNING LIGHTS-Lights carried by a vessel under way.</p>
		<p class="MsoNormal">SEA ANCHOR-A drag device (usually a conical canvas pocket held open by a metal hoop, but a canvas bucket in <i style="mso-bidi-font-style: normal">Tinkerbelle</i> ‘s case) used to keep the boat headed into the wind and waves while it is not under way, especially during heavy weather.</p>
		<p class="MsoNormal">SECURE-To make fast; to tie or lock into position.</p>
		<p class="MsoNormal">SELF-BAILING COCKPIT-A cockpit provided with drains to allow water washed into it to return to the sea.</p>
		<p class="MsoNormal">SEXTANT-Instrument used to determine the altitude of the sun or stars used in navigation.</p>
		<p class="MsoNormal">SHACKLE-A U-shaped piece of metal with a removable pin across the open end. <span style="mso-spacerun:yes">
 </span> Shackles are attached to the ends of a boat’s halyards and used to link the halyards to the heads of the sails for hoisting.</p>
		<p class="MsoNormal">SHEAVE-The wheel in a block or at the masthead.</p>
		<p class="MsoNormal">SHOAL-Shallow.</p>
		<p class="MsoNormal">SHROUD-Standing rigging, usually of stainless-steel wire, running from the mast to the sides of a boat to support the mast. <span style="mso-spacerun:yes">
 </span> The masts’ principal lateral stays.</p>
		<p class="MsoNormal">SLOOP-A sailing vessel with one mast and one sail (a jib) before the mast.</p>
		<p class="MsoNormal">SPAR-General term for masts, booms, whisker poles, etc.</p>
		<p class="MsoNormal">STANDING RIGGING-The shrouds and stays and other rigging not moved in working the boat.</p>
		<p class="MsoNormal">STARBOARD-The right side of a vessel, looking toward the bow.</p>
		<p class="MsoNormal">STARBOARD TACK-Sailing with the wind coming over the starboard side.</p>
		<p class="MsoNormal">STAY-Rigging, usually wire, used to support a mast.</p>
		<p class="MsoNormal">STEERAGEWAY-The amount of a forward movement necessary to make a vessel’s rudder effective.</p>
		<p class="MsoNormal">STEM PLATE-The plate at the bow to which the <span class="SpellE">jibstay</span> (forestay) is attached.</p>
		<p class="MsoNormal">STERN-The after part of a boat.</p>
		<p class="MsoNormal">STIFF-A boat is said to be stiff when it is not easily heeled.</p>
		<p class="MsoNormal">STORM SAILS-Small sails of heavy canvas for use in heavy weather.</p>
		<p class="MsoNormal">STOW-To put away.</p>
		<p class="MsoNormal">SQUARE SAIL-A rectangular sail attached to a spar suspended at the middle from a mast.</p>
		<p class="MsoNormal">SWELL-The waves that continue after the wind that created them has changed in direction or vanished.</p>
		<p class="MsoNormal">SWING THE BOAT-To rotate the vessel to check the compass on known courses.</p>
		<p class="MsoNormal">TABERNACLE-A hinge at the base of a mast which allows the mast to be lowered easily.</p>
		<p class="MsoNormal">TACK-The lower forward corner of a sail. <span style="mso-spacerun:yes">
 </span> Also, to sail to windward in a series of zigzags.</p>
		<p class="MsoNormal">TILLER-A bar connected with the <span class="SpellE">rudderhead</span> and by which the rudder is moved to steer the boat.</p>
		<p class="MsoNormal">TOPPING LIFT-A line attached at one end to the masthead and at the other to the aft end of the boom, which support the boom while the sail is being set.</p>
		<p class="MsoNormal">TROUGH-The valley between the peaks of successive waves.</p>
		<p class="MsoNormal">TRYSAIL-Small storm sail set in lieu of the mainsail.</p>
		<p class="MsoNormal">UNSHIP-To remove or detach.</p>
		<p class="MsoNormal">VEER-Wind shift in a clockwise direction.</p>
		<p class="MsoNormal">WAKE-The foamy path of disturbed water left behind a moving boat.</p>
		<p class="MsoNormal">WATERLINE-The line painted on a boat’s side indicating the proper trim.</p>
		<p class="MsoNormal">WEATHER HELM-A sailboat in which the tiller must be pulled (usually only slightly) toward the wind to keep it on course.</p>
		<p class="MsoNormal">WEATHER SIDE-Windward side of a sailboat.</p>
		<p class="MsoNormal">WHISKER POLE-A light spar positioned between the mast and the clew of the jib to hold out the sail when running before the wind.</p>
		<p class="MsoNormal">WINDWARD-Toward the wind.</p>
		<p>
</p>
	</body>
</html>
